Readme improvements (#60)
MrAsterisco/homebridge-hisense-tv: README.md

- Homebridge 1.3.0 or later.
- Python 3.8 with [paho-mqtt](https://pypi.org/project/paho-mqtt/) version 1.6.1 and [netifaces](https://pypi.org/project/netifaces/).
- A Hisense TV that supports the RemoteNow app ([App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/remotenow/id1301866548) or [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.universal.remote.ms&hl=en&gl=US)).
  - WakeOnLan (WOL) must be enabled on the TV to turn it on with this plugin.

>   - fixed to a static IP address or a static DHCP reservation.

Reviewer: Does this sentence refer to the TV or the WOL configuration?

If it's the former, I'd use:

```suggestion
  - The TV must be configured with static IP Address or a static DHCP reservation.
```
